---
title: "2024-04-Week1 English"
layout: single
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
toc_label: Speech
---

## 2024-04-01

a growing presence : 영향력이 커지는 것
- We have a growing presence in the region.

lessen reliance : 의존을 줄이다.
- We should have been lessening our reliance upon unstable regions for oil and gas.


emerge as : ~으로 나타나다, 드러나다
- Digital therapeutics will emerge as an industry with great prospects.

account for 숫자 percent : 숫자만큼 차지한다.

logistical importance : 수송의 중요성
- Such logistical importance of Korea is a plus factor.

make rapid inroads into A : A에 급속히 진출하다.
- Temu have been making rapid inroads into Korea with wide range of items.

advocacy group : 변호 단체


may deal a blow to 사람 : 사람에게 큰 타격을 줄 수 있다.
- This shopping trend may deal a blow to Korean manufacturers.

lag behind : 뒤에 처지다

negative thoughts or stress-management tips : 부정적인 생각이나 스트레스 관리 팁 


tout : 장점을 내세우다, 홍보하다

scrutiny : 정밀 조사
- This hand-off approach is coming under new scrutiny with the startling advances of chatbots.

butt in : 참견하다, ~에 끼어들다

symptoms spurred by reminders of trauma

halt : 멈추다, 서다, 세우다, 중단시키다.


# 2024-04-04

## Selected News

### Taiwan hit by strongest earthquake in 25 years.
A 7.2 magnitude earthquake rocked Taiwan on Wednesday, the strongest tremor to hit the island in at least 25 years, killing seven people, injuring hundreds and sparking a tsunami warning.

### Would Yoon meeting with trainee doctors reach breakthrough?
President Yoon Suk Yeol's proposed dialogue with trainee doctors would be unlikely to reach a breakthrough in the latter's month-long walkout over the medical school quota issue, even if such a meeting happens.

### Foreign firm CEOs request larger gov't incentives, improved infrastructure
Foreign companies operating in Korea hope for the government to provide larger incentives and improve local infrastructure so that they can invest more in the country, according to the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, Wednesday.

### Gov't warning against NK election interference sparks question
Lastest missile launch unrelated to general elections, experts say.

### Record-high overseas voting turnout to bring more people to polling stations
Political analysts have predicted an all-tim high in overseas voter turnout will likely lead to increased participation overall in next weeks's general elections. However they remained divided over which parties are likely to benefit from it.

### Shortage of doctors looms as only 4.3% of new interns register for training
Only 4.3 percent of new interns have actually registered for intership training amid the prolonged tensions between the government and the doctor's community over the planned hike in the medical school quota, according to the Ministry of Health and Welfare, Wednesday.

### Participation in after-school programs surpasses expectation
After one month of operation, after-school care program aimed at providing child care services and education are showing promising signs of success with an increase in the number of participating schools and students. However challenges such as a lack of instructors remain as expected.

### FSS to emply Naver's AI technology in financial tasks
Naver's latest artificial intelligence technology will be applied to the financial tasks of the Financial Supervisory Service, as the two parties formed a strategic partnership.

### Is Aprill real estate crisis on horizon?
As the April 10 general elections approach, there is a growing debate between the government and market observers about a potential real estate crisis in April. Some observers suggest that, after the election, construction companies could face a wave of bankruptcies.


## Words
- rock : (충격과 공포로) 뒤흔들다

- tremor : 미진, (약간의) 떨림

- mountainous sparsely populated : 인적이 드문 산간의

- footage : (특별한 사건을 담은) 장면

- precarious angles : 불안정한 각도

- offshore : 앞바다의

- topple : 넘어트리다, 넘어지다, 실각시키다.

- massive landslides : 대규모 산사태

- evacuate : 대피시키다, 떠나다, 피난하다

- brushed off : 거절하다, 무시하다, 아무렇지도 않게 넘기다.