---
title: "2024-03-29 English"
layout: single
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
toc_label: Korean-Times
---

<Br><br>

# Korean Times

Trade protectionism : Protectionism refers to government policies that restrict international trade to help domestic industries <br>
a determined effort : a effort wanting to do something very much and not allowing anyone or any difficulity <br>
technological landscape : a comprehensive overview of the state of the art in a specific technical field or industry. <br>
geopolitical instability. (지정학적 불안정) - 지정학 : 지리적인 환경이 국가에 미치는 영향을 연구하는 학문 <br>
solidify : to make something complete, or to become more certain<br>
burgeon : to develop or grow quickly <br>
underscore to emphasize the importance of something <br>
foster : to take care of a child, usually for a limited time, without being the child's legal parent. / to encourage the development or growth of ideas or feelings  <br>
on course : 예정 방향으로 나아가 <br>
buoyed by : to make someone feel happier or more confident about a situation <br>
unfavorable market : having or showing a negative opinion  <br>
attain : to reach or succeed in getting something <br>
preemptive : If something is pre-emptive, it is done before other people can act, especially to prevent them from doing something else <br>
lucrative products : (especially of a business, job, or activity) producing a lot of money <br>


44.8 percent cited financial burdens as a major cause for such thoughts when multiple answers were allowed. <br>
복수 응답의 경우 44.8 퍼센트가 경제적 부담을 주요 원인으로 꼽았다. <br>
<br>
implant state-led initiatives : 국가 주도 시책을 도입하다. <br>
caregivers : a family member or paid helper who regularly looks after a child or a sick, elderly, or disabled person. <br>
demographic : relating to demography (= the study of populations and the different groups that make them up) <br>
in terms of <Br>
devaluation : the action of reducing the rate at which money can be exchanged for foreign money <br>
governance : the way that organizations or countries are managed at the highest level, and the systems for doing this <br>
retrogressive : causing a return to an older and worse state


# 공부 방향
- 기사 하나 읽고 키워드 정리
- 키워드 바탕으로 내용 정리 및 영작
- 스피치?